hi everyone the chef Mooney here I've
got a bit of a challenge today I'm going
on a quest to find some mussels and it
wasn't really planned I didn't plan to
do this today but I was chatting to
Steve from Steve cooking and they're
having trouble on the other side of the
world trying to find some local mussels
for their restaurants and we're gonna go
right now to find some mussels so we're
off to a little place called carom downs
and in carom downs there's a beautiful
seafood place they have fresh seafood
oysters and I'm hoping they're gonna
have some mussels so we'll see we'll see
apparently on the other side of the
world as Steve was saying and Steve's
wife was saying too that they just can't
get them there they're all farmed out
and there's a bit of a struggle there so
perhaps I can I think they want 700
kilos 70 kilos they need a lot of
mussels seafood
okay so we've got Pete here and he's
gonna we went we went on the quest for
muscles at now these muscles are from
analyzer so they're like it was about
the muscle so therefore fill of a Port
Phillip Bay okay they're a fossil
beautiful
so we I've been on the quest to find
some muscles to show people on the other
side of the world that we can get them
so Australia's beautiful secret and
lilies I've purchased two kilos of these
so I'm going to have a nice recipe this
afternoon and thanks to the staff here
and so the fish market and your name
sorry again
hey there so thanks Peter thank you very
much for us so we'll get our muscles in
look we go so there you go
fresh muscles what did I get two kilos
and I bought some beautiful fish as well
Pete's a lovely guy he I think he likes
being on camera actually I think he was
very very happy to go on camera and that
was great I wasn't sure there's a bit of
a should i film them or shouldn't i
filmed them it's actually quite
nerve-wracking filming people I was
actually quite nervous and he said oh
I've never been on camera before said oh
well I gave him a link to my YouTube
channel and so we're gonna feature this
we're gonna we're gonna put this on
youtube for this on YouTube okay
Suns coming out I've got two kilos of
muscles to cook now thanks to Steve's
cooking and his lovely wife and are
they're gonna be so jealous let's get
back into the kitchen
ok so now we've got all our muscles back
from our wonderful day out now I've
cleaned them you want to make sure that
you press them when you press them
together that they actually stay
together if they don't that means
they're dead and need to toss them out
you have two deep beard them which means
you've got to take that funny sort of
beardy thing off the side here and you
just tear that off give them a scrub
with some nice water and they can see
this one here it's just starting to open
we're gonna close him and just give him
a few seconds and as you can see it is
you can see that he's already closed up
again so that means that one is still
alive so you need to go through make
sure that you don't have any dead ones
in there so they've checked all of those
so I've got a kilo of mussels here and
we're just going to go over the
ingredients what we're going to use
you're gonna need a sort of a large
saucepan here and you're going to also
need a lid on top of that but for the
ingredients what you're gonna do is have
half an onion I've got three cloves of
garlic you can add more or less if you
wish now I did say I was gonna do some
coriander or use some coriander I'm
actually using some dill which I had
some beautiful dill left over but I
think that's gonna go really nice with
the tomato over here is just a crushed
tomato and you can just use a crushed
tomato or a tomato sauce or a jar sauce
or you can finely chopped tomatoes if
you want to there's a whole bunch of
things you can do I'm going to add just
a small little knob of butter we're
gonna put some olive oil in there first
to get things moving
and of course chilli and we're gonna top
it off with some that's an episode tight
here which is a nice Chardonnay into our
pan we're going to put some oil I'm
gonna put about three tablespoons and
then straight in with our onion
plus in that novel butter just give it a
bit of a stir around we just want to
cook those onions just about halfway
through so now I love garlic I'm adding
three cloves of chopped garlic you can
add less if you like straight in with
your clean muscles nice fresh dill save
a little bit for the garnish on the top
just a sprinkle and some nice chili
flakes in there if you had fresh chili
that would be fantastic
hit it now with just a drizzle of white
wine as they begin to cook the mussels
should start to open
that around I'm going to add a good
couple of spoons of the crushed tomato
at four maybe five at the crushed tomato
get that across through
then put your nice tight lid on there
and just cook those through you know
keep an eye on then give it a bit of a
shake every now and again these don't
take long to cook at all it's a very
very quick easy simple entree and it
just is so colorful and delicious
looking good they can see this starting
to open okay
these are ready now you know when
they're ready because they all start to
open out so what I'm going to do now I'm
going to serve them up this is a very
impressive dish because you've got all
these beautiful colors okay the sauce
has reduced enough now still a pouring
consistency and you don't want it too
thick because you want it to sort of
drizzle through all of those muscles so
we're just going to pour it over the top
finish off with a sprinkle of your fresh
fennel so there you have my chili
mussels with a beautiful gorgeous dill
drizzle through there with some garlic a
little bit of olive oil splash of wine
these mussels fresh today and you saw
where they came from and it's an
absolute look at that doesn't add up
gorgeous absolutely perfectly cooked
they're not shriveled up they're nice
and fresh they taste amazing I hope
you've enjoyed this video today and had
a chance to have a look around my little
neck of the woods you take care have a
great week and I'll see you on
crispy
nice first
bullabbai okay there